README.md, before:

TikiBot
=======
Touchscreen BarBot software for auto-dispensing mixed drinks.


Hardware
--------
This software has been tested with the following hardware:

- Udoo Neo ( [source](https://www.udoo.org) )
- 7" 800x480 Touchscreen HDMI display
- 3 Adafruit DC Motor Featherwings ( [source](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2927) )
- 12 Small self-priming pumps ( [source](http://www.trossenrobotics.com/robotgeek-pump-small) )
- 12 Normally Closed solonoid valves ( [source](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B007D1U64E/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_dp_x_qDVWzbPCEW4K5) )

Each DC Motor controller handles up to 4 feeds.  You can alternately use
the following DC motor controllers without changing any code:

- Adafruit DC & Stepper Motor HAT for Raspberry Pi ( [source](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2348) )
- Adafruit Motor/Stepper/Servo Shield for Arduino v2 ( [source](https://www.adafruit.com/product/1438) )

It should be trivial to use a Raspberry Pi instead of the Udoo Neo.
Probably the easiest configuration would be to use a Raspberry Pi
with a few stacked DC Motor HATs.

Each feed is a paired pump and valve, wired in parallel.
Each pump/valve combo should be wired and plumbed as follows:

![Pump/Valve wiring](imgsrcs/PumpValveWiring.png)


Configuration Files
-------------------
`feeds_config.yaml`: Configurations for the feed supply lines.

`recipes_config.yaml`: Recipes and their ingredients.


Code Entrypoint
---------------
`gui.py` is the main file to run to launch this application.


Screens Layout
--------------
Here's the hierarchy of GUI screens for the application.  The button name that leads to a screen is in "quotes".  If a screen is a subclass of another screen class, the base class is in (parens).

    MainScreen
        "Juices" RecipeScreen(SelectScreen)
            PourScreen
                "Pour" DispensingScreen
        "Tiki Drinks" RecipeScreen(SelectScreen)
            PourScreen
                "Pour" DispensingScreen
        "By Ingredient" ByIngredientScreen(SelectScreen)
            PourScreen
                "Pour" DispensingScreen
        "⚙" LockScreen
            ConfigScreen
                "Manage Feeds" ManageFeedsScreen(SelectScreen)
                    FeedScreen
                        "Rename Feed" AlphaScreen
                        "Calibrate" CalibScreen
                "Manage Recipes" ManageRecipesScreen(SelectScreen)
                    "+" AlphaScreen
                    RecipeEditScreen
                        "Recipe:" AlphaScreen
                        "Category:" AlphaScreen
                        "+" SelectScreen
                        "-" SelectScreen
                        "✎" AmountScreen
                "Dump All Feeds" DumpScreen
                "Shutdown" ShutdownScreen

Commit message:

Small addition to wiring description.

README.md, after:

TikiBot
=======
Touchscreen BarBot software for auto-dispensing mixed drinks.


Hardware
--------
This software has been tested with the following hardware:

- Udoo Neo ( [source](https://www.udoo.org) )
- 7" 800x480 Touchscreen HDMI display
- 3 Adafruit DC Motor Featherwings ( [source](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2927) )
- 12 Small self-priming pumps ( [source](http://www.trossenrobotics.com/robotgeek-pump-small) )
- 12 Normally Closed solonoid valves ( [source](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B007D1U64E/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_dp_x_qDVWzbPCEW4K5) )

Each DC Motor controller handles up to 4 feeds.  Each motor controller will
need to have a consecutive different I2C address. You can alternately use
the following DC motor controllers without changing any code:

- Adafruit DC & Stepper Motor HAT for Raspberry Pi ( [source](https://www.adafruit.com/product/2348) )
- Adafruit Motor/Stepper/Servo Shield for Arduino v2 ( [source](https://www.adafruit.com/product/1438) )

It should be trivial to use a Raspberry Pi instead of the Udoo Neo.
Probably the easiest configuration would be to use a Raspberry Pi
with a few stacked DC Motor HATs.

Each feed is a paired pump and valve, wired in parallel.
Each pump/valve combo should be wired and plumbed as follows:

![Pump/Valve wiring](imgsrcs/PumpValveWiring.png)

The polarity of the wiring is irrelevant for the linked pumps and
valves.  For them, either polarity will result in the forward pump
action with the valve open.


Configuration Files
-------------------
`feeds_config.yaml`: Configurations for the feed supply lines.

`recipes_config.yaml`: Recipes and their ingredients.


Code Entrypoint
---------------
`gui.py` is the main file to run to launch this application.


Screens Layout
--------------
Here's the hierarchy of GUI screens for the application.  The button name that leads to a screen is in "quotes".  If a screen is a subclass of another screen class, the base class is in (parens).

    MainScreen
        "Juices" RecipeScreen(SelectScreen)
            PourScreen
                "Pour" DispensingScreen
        "Tiki Drinks" RecipeScreen(SelectScreen)
            PourScreen
                "Pour" DispensingScreen
        "By Ingredient" ByIngredientScreen(SelectScreen)
            PourScreen
                "Pour" DispensingScreen
        "⚙" LockScreen
            ConfigScreen
                "Manage Feeds" ManageFeedsScreen(SelectScreen)
                    FeedScreen
                        "Rename Feed" AlphaScreen
                        "Calibrate" CalibScreen
                "Manage Recipes" ManageRecipesScreen(SelectScreen)
                    "+" AlphaScreen
                    RecipeEditScreen
                        "Recipe:" AlphaScreen
                        "Category:" AlphaScreen
                        "+" SelectScreen
                        "-" SelectScreen
                        "✎" AmountScreen
                "Dump All Feeds" DumpScreen
                "Shutdown" ShutdownScreen
